Fix docs about Jax solver compatibility with Python versions (#3702)
pybamm-team/PyBaMM: docs/source/user_guide/installation/gnu-linux-mac.rst

.. note::

>    The Jax solver is not supported on Python 3.8. It is supported on Python 3.9, 3.10, 3.11, and 3.12.

Reviewer: How about this to simplify it a bit:
```suggestion
   The Jax solver is only supported for Python versions 3.9 through 3.12.
```

Author: Fair enough
